Add specs for feegrant (#8496)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/feegrant/spec/README.md

<!--
order: 0
title: Fee grant
parent:
  title: "feegrant"
-->

## Abstract

> This ADR specifies the feegrant module. [Fee Grant](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0/docs/architecture/adr-029-fee-grant-module.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document specifies the feegrant module. [Fee Grant](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0/docs/architecture/adr-029-fee-grant-module.md)
```

> This document specifies the feegrant module. [Fee Grant](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0/docs/architecture/adr-029-fee-grant-module.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document specifies the feegrant module. For the full ADR, please see [Fee Grant ADR-029](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.0/docs/architecture/adr-029-fee-grant-module.md).
```

> This module allows accounts to grant fee allowances and to use fees from their accounts. grantees can be able to execute any transaction even their accounts' are not having gas fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows accounts to grant fee allowances and to use fees from their accounts. Grantees can execute any transaction without the need to maintain sufficient fees.
```

## Contents

1. **[Concepts](01_concepts.md)**
    - [FeeAllowanceGrant](01_concepts.md#feeallowancegrant)
    - [Fee Allowance types](01_concepts.md#fee-allowance-types)
    - [BasicFeeAllowance](01_concepts.md#basicfeeallowance)
    - [PeriodicFeeAllowance](01_concepts.md#periodicfeeallowance)
    - [FeeAccount flag](01_concepts.md#feeaccount-flag)
    - [DeductGrantedFeeDecorator](01_concepts.md#deductgrantedfeedecorator)
2. **[State](02_state.md)**
    - [FeeAllowance](02_state.md#feeallowance)
3. **[Messages](03_messages.md)**

>     - [MsgGrantFeeAllowance](03_messages.md#msggrantfeeallowance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Msg/GrantFeeAllowance](03_messages.md#msggrantfeeallowance)
```

>     - [MsgRevokeFeeAllowance](03_messages.md#msgrevokefeeallowance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Msg/RevokeFeeAllowance](03_messages.md#msgrevokefeeallowance)
```
